if you're looking to get insane players
then go take a spin on prime foot calm
you can get players like we're now a
messy pail a bullet or Beckenbauer and
use my discount code goon it will get
you ten yes ten percent off what's up
guys hope you're all enjoying team with
you is absolutely amazing the hype is
real guys and I'm so happy that EA
decide to bless us with 35 k and 50k
packs as well of course what are we
gonna do but we're going to go ahead and
open these packs 250k packs on an
account and 5 35 k pack so let's go
ahead open the wall and see what we're
gonna get remember to and you'd like to
be amazing make sure you follow me on
twitter as well so i can't wait to
finally get a team of the year player
hopefully today will be the day feeling
very lucky today right now remember drop
a comment below let me note plays
managed to get first 50k pet on my buddy
a fixie damn game what is going on come
on this is the time the blue is gonna
happen what we're gonna get come on and
but he's fucking rare Oh non rare what
oh my god this happened with the silver
pack serious Oh Iain your fucking
glitched acts sort yourself out look at
that two packs left oh my god well let's
not waste no time let's go ahead and
open this pack instead let's see if it
actually gives us a 50k pet right now
what have we got come on let's see a
rare pair at least and Ramsey ah not bad
who else do we have I can see her Nana's
as well callahorn the hair not a bad
pack but not the player that we really
need second pack come on this has got to
be it what gonna get inform guarding yes
Oh sickening form oh my god getting
excited for got this is the second
inform that is a decent pool right there
absolutely buzzing about that
everybody's first impact about 300 k
plus it's probably oh my god David how
much this guy goes for at the moment
it's probably gonna have a Hammond due
to all the pets that are being opening
right now come on let's have a look n
see and well it's not looking good is it
really 57 are probably about maybe 70 80
k right there that is not a bad pool
we've made a profit from that pack so
first 35 k pack what we gonna get come
on we've had
like second if one garden already what
we're gonna get and Michelle knee uh who
else do we have uh nothing really that
interesting that I can see come on this
is the second back one would put great
luck already and in form paule come on
sec ah Danny oh my god Danny Boy what is
this about embarq Lee anything hide in
phony spare packing come on oh my god I
don't even know in there that is not
really who you need in a pack mon
feeling good about this Pat this pack
has the energy what have we got Anka
Celia oh my days Vermaelen as well
anything in the Jeep against hide in no
this is it all enough in the final 35k
pack come on is this the tema de card
and hello oh the bearded wonder himself
is outstanding beard and outstanding
player just not worth that much who else
do we have in this pet the final back
Ron Don Hernandez as well that's not too
bad right there pretty decent and do we
have anything else not looking likely
and no that's it guys said there you go
ad in form paule in a team of your pack
opening let's hope we go one better next
time and get a team here or even a
legend that would be absolutely amazing
remember drop a comment below let me
know what players he managed to get in
your packs as well i'm happy i'm off to
celebrate my inform pool and that's the
video guys hopefully you enjoyed it if
you did leave a like below comment
subscribe and as always thanks for
watching